README.md, before:

# TYPO3 Extension "just in case" - No matter what case your URL is, we'll hit it.

When your marketing team has accidentally pushed a campaign with mixed case URLs, they should not run into 404s.

This TYPO3 extension solves your pain - just in case.

## What does it do?

By default, TYPO3 v9 is strict when you're actual page is called `https://b13.com/lets-connect/` but your marketing
dudes name it `https://b13.com/Lets-Connect/`. TYPO3 v9 saves URLs as lower-case by default.

A simple PSR-15 based middleware transforms your incoming URL into lower-case and you should be fine, as
both URLs would work for the users.

## Installation

Use it via `composer req b13/justincase` or install the Extension `justincase` from the TYPO3 Extension Repository.

_justincase_ requires TYPO3 v9.5.0 or later.

## Configuration

As a web developer, sometimes the team wants a 307 redirect, and sometimes to just work as everything would be lower-case.

_justincase_ does the latter ("just pretend it works") and receives the URL, processes the URL further by default, however
you can configure the extension on a per-site basis to do redirects instead, by modifying the site configuration yaml
file and adding these lines at the bottom:

    settings:
        redirectOnUpperCase: true

Please note that this option only works for GET or HEAD requests.

## Caveats

If specific route enhancers check on camel-case (e.g. `{order}/paymentForm/`) this might lead to unexpected behaviours
and 404 pages.

## License

As TYPO3 Core, _justincase_ is licensed under GPL2 or later. See the LICENSE file for more details.

## Background, Credits & Further Maintenance

This extension was created as a show-case on what you can do with middlewares for TYPO3 v9 and customize
so many things. See https://forge.typo3.org/issues/87544 for the initial request.

TYPO3 community often requests functionality, which can be put in small and efficient extensions, and _justincase_ does
exactly that, without having to burden everything into TYPO3 Core.

_justincase_ was initially created by Daniel Goerz and Benni Mack for [b13, Stuttgart](https://b13.com), with the nice
support from Matthias Stegmann for providing the extension name.

[Find more TYPO3 extensions we have developed](https://b13.com/useful-typo3-extensions-from-b13-to-you) that help us deliver value in client projects. As part of the way we work, we focus on testing and best practices to ensure long-term performance, reliability, and results in all our code.

Commit message:

[FEATURE] Make status code configurable
In case you want to use a status code, other than 307,
you can now configure this via site configuration:

    settings:
        redirectStatusCode: 303

Fixes #6

README.md, after:

# TYPO3 Extension "just in case" - No matter what case your URL is, we'll hit it.

When your marketing team has accidentally pushed a campaign with mixed case URLs, they should not run into 404s.

This TYPO3 extension solves your pain - just in case.

## What does it do?

By default, TYPO3 v9 is strict when you're actual page is called `https://b13.com/lets-connect/` but your marketing
dudes name it `https://b13.com/Lets-Connect/`. TYPO3 v9 saves URLs as lower-case by default.

A simple PSR-15 based middleware transforms your incoming URL into lower-case and you should be fine, as
both URLs would work for the users.

## Installation

Use it via `composer req b13/justincase` or install the Extension `justincase` from the TYPO3 Extension Repository.

_justincase_ requires TYPO3 v9.5.0 or later.

## Configuration

As a web developer, sometimes the team wants a 307 redirect, and sometimes to just work as everything would be lower-case.

_justincase_ does the latter ("just pretend it works") and receives the URL, processes the URL further by default, however
you can configure the extension on a per-site basis to do redirects instead, by modifying the site configuration yaml
file and adding these lines at the bottom:

    settings:
        redirectOnUpperCase: true
        # in case you want to use a status code, other than 307
        redirectStatusCode: 303

Please note that this option only works for GET or HEAD requests.

## Caveats

If specific route enhancers check on camel-case (e.g. `{order}/paymentForm/`) this might lead to unexpected behaviours
and 404 pages.

## License

As TYPO3 Core, _justincase_ is licensed under GPL2 or later. See the LICENSE file for more details.

## Background, Credits & Further Maintenance

This extension was created as a show-case on what you can do with middlewares for TYPO3 v9 and customize
so many things. See https://forge.typo3.org/issues/87544 for the initial request.

TYPO3 community often requests functionality, which can be put in small and efficient extensions, and _justincase_ does
exactly that, without having to burden everything into TYPO3 Core.

_justincase_ was initially created by Daniel Goerz and Benni Mack for [b13, Stuttgart](https://b13.com), with the nice
support from Matthias Stegmann for providing the extension name.

[Find more TYPO3 extensions we have developed](https://b13.com/useful-typo3-extensions-from-b13-to-you) that help us deliver value in client projects. As part of the way we work, we focus on testing and best practices to ensure long-term performance, reliability, and results in all our code.
